I know everyone thinks were these scary
creatures who committed these horrible
crimes but we did what we had to do
I need your help with the Manson girls
over the special security unit good
morning ladies I'd like you to meet
Carlene faith hi Carlene what is it you
can really do for them just want to
remind them who they were before they
ever met Charles enhancing like being
home again the family before the crimes
when everything was about love what do
we have here unless we I think we should
let her stay give me Lulu
we don't talk about our path our lives
started with a man charlie
[Music]
all that love here we got no secrets
you got no shame sometimes it has to be
seen that himself changes
tears all you la do I know you
get ready to fight and if will you
Charlie taught us that doesn't life have
the same thing so there's nothing to be
afraid of me first and jab like you mean
it
rust jab you wanted to believe something
big was gonna happen so baby her if you
can't afford me I'm gonna go out and
we're gonna get it right there are real
victims in this present maybe these
women are victims too
the time is now man
[Music]
we did what we had to do right somebody
and take care for me
you
[Music]